How To use Footy Predictor V1.24
By Steve Shambles. June 2021
--------------------------------

Predictions
-----------
Here is a step by step guide on how to obtain a 
prediction for any English Premier League 
football match for the 2021-2022 season
(or any add-on league that you may have loaded in). 

from the main screen first select the home team
from the drop down list on the left, 
and then select the away team from the 
drop down list on the right.

Now click on the "Prediction" button (below, middle).

A pop up box will inform you of said prediction. 

After a prediction is made it is copied to the
clipboard, in case you want to paste it somewhere.
 
The prediction is also stored in a prediction history file,
which you can view, edit or erase from the history drop-down menu,
which can be found in the 2nd menu at the top of the main window.

Click the "X" on the prediction pop up to close it,
however you can leave prediction windows open should you want
to.

IMPORTANT
---------
Please be aware that the prediction math is very simpliostic (but logical) and cannot be relied upon for gambling purposes.

Footy Predictor is just a fun programming project and should not be taken too seriously.

Match Odds
----------
Clicking on the "Match Odds" button from the main screen 
will take you to an excellent web page that gives odds
forecasts for every up and coming English League match.

You can use this information to make a more informed judgement of
the match outcome.

These odds are not linked to the FP prediction algo.

This web page can also serve as a upcoming fixtures list.

This is really useful as the page updates as the season progresses
so will always show the next up and coming matches and their odds.

Head 2 Head Match Histories
---------------------------
Clicking on the "Head 2 Head" button will give
you every EPL head to head match result since the EPL started
in 1992 of your selected match, with a useful little table
to sum up the results at the end.

Yes, that's 29 seasons of results folks!

Thanks go to http://news.football-data.co.uk
for supplying 28 seasons, I had to make my own first season
as they do not supply that one for some reason.

See also the "help" button in the "Head To Head" window
for more information.

To exit a H2H window you must click on the "Exit" button
as only one H2H window can be open at a time.


Info Menu
----------
If you click on the "Info" Menu (top left of the main program) 
you can view information about this program and visit my python
programming Blog or contact me.


Make a small PayPal donation
----------------------------
At the moment FP is 100% free, with no restrictions.
However, if you find FP useful all donations will be gratefully
accepted, you decide what you think it's worth,
I would suggest £5-£10 is fair, if you can't decide..


Links menu
-----------
Useful links to info and statistics relating to EPL teams, players,
managers, form etc. I am being very selective, I could have filled
this menu with any old crap, but I want quality useful sites only
that will contribute to our quest of predicting a result.

If you do make bets, please only bet what you can afford to lose.
Personally I rarely bet on football matches,
I think the odds offered are usually very bad value.


Leagues Menu
-------------
As from V1.0 you can load in a league, you can also easily create
your own leagues.

Please see the help file in the "Leagues" menu for what this is all about.


Have fun.

Steve Shambles
June 2021

Update log:
V1.24 PEP8 check, not great but fixed what I could.
V1.20 Now supports leagues of up to 28 teams.
V1.19 Updated logo img and draw list rating.
V1.18 Updated champship and L1, L2 teams and ratings
V1.17 Updated prem L teams, promotion relegation, updated ratings.
V1.16 Updated Tkinter code for best practice using tk.widget.
V1.15 Rmoved update news menu item and related function.
V1.14 Removed visit new blog menu item and function.
V1.13 Updated full PL results for 2020-2021 season
V1.12 Code tidy, small fixes and improvements
V1.11 Added copy text button for h2h
V1.10 Romoved rubbish prediction algo, start again, keep it simple.
V1.09 removed tons remmed out code.
V1.08 removed h2h history files
v1.07-removed fred
